Feature: opt-in survey when exiting a game (#10719)
OpenTTD/OpenTTD: src/lang/english.txt

STR_GAME_OPTIONS_GUI_SCALE_4X                                   :4x
STR_GAME_OPTIONS_GUI_SCALE_5X                                   :5x

STR_GAME_OPTIONS_PARTICIPATE_SURVEY_FRAME                       :{BLACK}Automated survey
STR_GAME_OPTIONS_PARTICIPATE_SURVEY                             :{BLACK}Participate in automated survey

> STR_GAME_OPTIONS_PARTICIPATE_SURVEY_TOOLTIP                     :{BLACK}When enabled, OpenTTD will transmit an survey when leaving a game

Reviewer: `a survey`

STR_GAME_OPTIONS_PARTICIPATE_SURVEY_LINK                        :{BLACK}About survey and privacy

> STR_GAME_OPTIONS_PARTICIPATE_SURVEY_LINK_TOOLTIP                :{BLACK}This opens a browser to https://survey.openttd.org/privacy with more information about the automated survey

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
STR_GAME_OPTIONS_PARTICIPATE_SURVEY_LINK_TOOLTIP                :{BLACK}This opens a browser to {RAW_STRING} with more information about the automated survey
```
and fill with `NETWORK_SURVEY_DETAILS_LINK` (but I'm not sure it's possible for tooltips with the window system)

Anyway the URI is wrong here.

Reviewer 2: Seems the only way to handle that is `OnTooltip()`

Author: The URL should never been in here. It isn't helpful (as you can't copy it) anyway :P So I just removed the URL :)

Reviewer 2: Even simpler :)

STR_NETWORK_ASK_RELAY_YES_ONCE                                  :{BLACK}Yes, this once
STR_NETWORK_ASK_RELAY_YES_ALWAYS                                :{BLACK}Yes, don't ask again

STR_NETWORK_ASK_SURVEY_CAPTION                                  :{WHITE}Participate in automated survey?

> STR_NETWORK_ASK_SURVEY_TEXT                                     :{BLACK}Would you like to participate in the automated survey?{}OpenTTD will transmit an survey when leaving a game.{}See "Game Options" for more information and privacy statement.

Reviewer: `a survey`
